Dean, Chief Teacher Qin, are you alright?
Is everything okay?
Oh, that's unfortunate. That's lucky.
I heard today that you went to Haicheng with your lover.
What technology selection did you participate in?
There just happened to be another hurricane in Haicheng
It's really worrying.
Dean, don't worry.
I am lucky
It's alright dean
This phone I developed before
Has passed my test
All functions are implemented
It needs to be mass-produced now.
We need the help of the National Academy of Sciences
What help doesn't help?
You remember
The doors of the Academy of Sciences are always open to you
If you need any help, just say so.
I totally did
Right?
When can you come back to the Academy of Sciences again?
Many old colleagues miss you very much.
I want to communicate with you
Well, if nothing else
I will go to Beijing tomorrow
Then the dean
Please help me contact
For experts in nuclear fusion
So you want to move on to controlled fusion?
Yes, oops.
And that's very labor intensive.
Material resources and bride price?
Dean rest assured
I have mastered the relevant technology
You just need to smoke people.
Hey, that would be great. Okay.
Then I will gather relevant talents overnight
Oh, right.
Do you want me to send a special plane to pick you up?
Okay, no need for now.
This time I'm going with my family. Okay. Bye
Whose phone number is Qingfeng?
What about the person who helped us achieve mass production of mobile phones?
You just said you were going to the capital
Are you going to see him?
Yes, rest early.
We leave tomorrow morning